in the final stretch of season you can already get your magazine from the second
October fortnight this month with a spectacular portraits of a bull of
alcurrucén
Last month, the artist of San Teodoro from Portugal was exhibited
castrillón
in addition to the usual sections as he played 6 behind our director
current news flags around the world I ask net of the fan is the
protagonist we have prepared more than 60 reports of locations that
recently they have celebrated bullfighting celebrations
in terms of reports from the Valencian community
we will inform about all the bullfighting news of places like the week
bullfighting at the entrance of bulls and horses segorbe the party of
Holy Christ of the calvary of l'alcora
the artist of santa rosa de lima and san teodoro must use
vila-real
cervera del maestre morella vilafranca del cid
the hamlet of Murcia santa bárbara
artana
ares del maestre
villanueva de viver
cherries or of losing pineapple of montalgrao the bullfighting celebrations of the commission
any bullfighting club of albalat dels sorells
the second part of you depends on your sun
vinala the alternative taurine commission and this is from massamagrell
the fira pie de monserrat
The font of the Fig tree Benitatxell facade
pineso
monvar
due to the fact and the verger
in the community of cataluña
I will be able to enjoy with the reports of nor to my beach the cases d'alcanar
amposta the operation together urge the province of tarragona
in the northern zone we offer you the bridge locations the queen noáin
tafallés in action of navarra
pina de ebro the burgh of ebro and tarazona zaragoza
teba azpeitia already with ikea in Gipuzkoa
labastida in álava and alfaro and cervera of the river alhama in la rioja
In the downtown area, we demonstrated the impressive Cuéllar enclosures in
segovia san sebastián de los reyes in madrid
the bullfighting celebrations of the bullet left de cuende decks of melo and three reeds
in the province of cuenca
cifuentes and fuentelahiguera de albatages in guadalajara
after cinema of cigales in valladolid and puente la peña in zamora
You can also meet the bullfights of the neighboring country in this
edit the locations of ibatín jordi rosario editor in portugal
as well as in all the clinton magazines after all the towns of
Spain that will celebrate bullfights during the second half of
October and as a novelty
a poster with the 29 bulls that will be exhibited in the fira d'onda
from October 17 to 24
and together with the magazine 'der October 15
You can also purchase the number one dvd from the collection of the end of the
2009 in this I had with the most impressive images of bullfighting
that will be celebrated during the months of January February in March as barracks
aldeanueva de ebro chair gillet some set casting there was no bush sun azpeitia
massamagrell
benavites soneja the first bullfighting fair of albalat dels sorells
I was sick of death the bull's fair in Seville
the carnival of the bull of city rodrigo
the fallas de valencia the festivities of the magdalena de castellón villatuerta
Artajona and the French Camargue
You can enjoy a reportage of the bulls in the snow the estate the bull
painter or castrillón
also find this magazine the new promotion of calendars of
pocket 2009
collation to choose between 25 photographs
and specially prepared and numbered for lotteries and raffles of clubs and
commissions
more information at www jus al carrer puntocom